- Chocolate
- rain.
- Some
- stay
- dry
- and
- others
- feel
- the
- pain.
- Chocolate
- rain.
- A
- baby
- born
- will
- die
- before
- the
- sin.
- Chocolate
- rain.
- The
- school
- books
- say
- it
- can't
- be
- here
- again.
- Chocolate
- Zoom
- the
- camera
- out
- and
- see
- the
- light.
- Chocolate
- rain.
- For
- tears
- to
- be
- falling
- yesterday.
- Chocolate
- rain.
- Only
- in
- the
- past
- is
- what
- they
- say.
- Chocolate
- rain.
- With
- your
- neighborhood
- insurance
- rates.
- Chocolate
- rain.
- Makes
- us
- happy
- living
- in
- a
- gay
- chocolate
- rain.
- Made
- the
- street
- other
- day
- Chocolate
- rain
- Made
- you
- turn
- your
- head
- the
- other
- way
- Chocolate
- rain
- It's
- straight
- quickly
- crashing
- through
- your
- veins
- Chocolate
- rain
- Using
- you
- to
- fall
- Back
- down
- again
- Chocolate
- rain
- Seldom
- mentioned
- On
- the
- radio
- Chocolate
- rain
- It's
- the
- beer
- Your
- leader's
- car
- Control
- Chocolate
- rain
- Worse
- than
- No
- one
- wants
- to
- hear
- about
- it
- now.
- Chocolate
- rain.
- Which
- real
- hard
- it
- goes
- away
- somehow.
- Chocolate
- rain.
- Makes
- the
- best
- of
- friends
- begin
- to
- fight.
- Chocolate
- rain.
- But
- did
- they
- know
- each
- other
- in
- the
- light?
- Chocolate
- rain.
- Every
- February
- washed
- away.
- Chocolate
- rain
- The
- same
- crime
- has
- a
- higher
- price
- to
- pay
- Chocolate
- rain
- The
- judge
- and
- jury
- swear
- it's
- not
- down
- again
- Chocolate
- rain
- History
- quickly
- crashing
- through
- your
- veins
- Chocolate
- rain
- Using
- you
- to
- fall
- back
- down
- again
- Chocolate
- rain
- Dirty
- secrets
- of
- economy
- Chocolate
- rain
- Turn
- that
- Test
- scores
- are
- how
- much
- the
- parents
- make
- chocolate
- rain.
- Flipping
- cars
- in
- France
- the
- other
- night,
- chocolate
- rain.
- Cleans
- the
- sewers
- out
- beneath
- Mumbai,
- chocolate
- rain.
- Across
- the
- world
- and
- back,
- it's
- all
- the
- same,
- chocolate
- rain.
- Angels
- cry
- and
- shake
- their
- heads
- in
- shame,
- chocolate
- rain.
- Lift
- the
- ark
- of
- paradise
- and
- send
- chocolate
- rain.
- Which
- part
- do
- you
- think
- you're
- living
- in?
- Chocolate
- rain.
- More
- than
- much
- and
- more
- than
- past
- and
- love.
- Chocolate
- rain.
- Remake
- how
- we
- got
- to
- we
- are
- Chocolate
- rain
- History
- quickly
- crashing
- through
- your
- veins
- Chocolate
- rain
- Using
- you
- to
- fall
- back
- down
- again
- Chocolate
- rain
- History
- quickly
- crashing
- through
- your
- veins
- Chocolate
- rain
- Using
- you
- to
- fall
- back
- down
- again
- Chocolate